Bug 1950543: document non-HA behaviors (#2522)
openshift/machine-config-operator: docs/Avoiding-Disruptions.md

# Avoiding Disruptions

> Under certain conditions, MachineConfig updates will cause the Machine Config

Reviewer: This should be rephrased as os updates aren't a machineconfig update.

Reviewer 2: osImageURL is also a field in machineconfigs. I don't think we should differentiate there

Daemon to drain and/or reboot nodes affected by the change. This doc aims to
identify what changes are disruptive as well as the ways in which they are
disruptive. 

This is particularly important for non-high-availability clusters, where a
drain and reboot can be more disruptive.

## Non-Disruptive Updates

Updating the following files will occur without a drain and reboot:
- `/etc/kubernetes/kubelet-ca.crt`
- `/var/lib/kubelet/config.json`
- [SSH key updates](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/ca8fcb887f153604556f2706cee8a33165879797/docs/Update-SSHKeys.md)

## Drains

> Updates to the following files will cause node(s) to be drained:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates to the following files will cause nodes to be drained:
```

- `/etc/containers/registries.conf`

While the node will not reboot, it will drain to allow
[CRI-O](https://cri-o.io) to reload. 

## Reboots

The following changes will cause node(s) to drain and reboot:

- [OS Updates](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/master/docs/MachineConfigDaemon.md#os-updates)
- [KernelArguments](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/ca8fcb887f153604556f2706cee8a33165879797/docs/MachineConfiguration.md#kernelarguments)
- [systemd units](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/master/docs/MachineConfigDaemon.md#systemd-unit-updates)
- [KernelType](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/ca8fcb887f153604556f2706cee8a33165879797/docs/MachineConfiguration.md#kerneltype)
- [RHCOS Extensions](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/ca8fcb887f153604556f2706cee8a33165879797/docs/MachineConfiguration.md#rhcos-extensions)

> - [FIPS](https://github.com/openshift/machine-config-operator/blob/ca8fcb887f153604556f2706cee8a33165879797/docs/MachineConfiguration.md#fips). It should be noted that unlike other items on this list, FIPS is not a toggleable option.

Reviewer: As @darkmuggle pointed out earlier, if FIPS is not a day 2 operation does it really cause a disruption?

Author: It's not, I'll drop this line entirely.
